TrinityCore 3.3.5a tracker
===================
A database tracker for [TrinityCore 3.3.5][10], and *World of Warcraft Client
Patch 3.3.5a* - [_Fall of the Lich King_][50]. It is compatible with client
3.3.5 (build 12340).

It is used to validate content in the *TrinityCore* database against _DBC_
default values extracted by a [PEAR][20] based command line utility.

Development
-----------
The **develop** branch is the only branch I submit anything to, as it was most
up to date at the time I cloned it.


Compatibility
-------------
This database is compatible with *TDB 335.59*, and requires DBC files
to be extracted from World of Warcraft client 3.3.5a (build 12340).  Other client
versions are _not_ supported.


Requirements
------------
To use this application, a working PHP 5.3 installation for both the command
line and web usage is mandatory.  [PEAR][20] is used for common tasks such as
[command line][21] functions and [database connectivity][22].



Installation
------------
To use the tracker, you will have to create an additional database (the default
database name being `WotLK_tracker`), where the tracker can store data extracted
from the World of Warcraft client 3.3.5a (build 12340), user data, game database
version information, and - of course - the actual data status users report.

The database schema is provided in `sql/create_structure.sql` and may e.g. be
used by running

    mysql -u<username> -h<host> -p<password> WotLK_tracker < sql/create_structure.sql

after creating the `WotLK_tracker` database.

If you need a different database name, user, host, etc. you can change default
values in the `config.php` file to match your needs.  `config.php` also needs to
be edited to specify the name you have used for your TrinityCore world database,
which by default is set to `WotLK_world`.

Once you have installed the database, you will need to open a console / terminal
window, and execute `extract.php`

    php extract.php

If your database is properly configured, this should display all data being
parsed and extracted from the World of Warcraft client 3.3.5a (build 12340)
DBC files.

Once finished, you can use the tracker just like any other PHP web application
and put the application folder somewhere into your web server's document root.

You can configure various options inside the tracker from the administration menu. To access it, log in as user "admin" (default password: "tracker").

And if something goes wrong?
----------------------------
... for now you will have to figure out on your own.  I'm probably still trying to figure it out myself  Of course, you are welcome to fork the
repository, and submit pull requests with your changes.

_If_ you feel like submitting an issue, please do so *only* if you are willing
to provide a detailed report, and are available to verify any solution to the
issue provided by the developers of this repository.


[10]: https://github.com/TrinityCore/TrinityCore/tree/3.3.5 "TrinityCore 3.3.5"
[11]: https://github.com/mangos-zero/scriptdev0 "mangos-zero scriptdev"
[12]: https://github.com/mangos-zero/database "mangos-zero database"

[20]: http://pear.php.net/ "PEAR - PHP Extension and Application Repository"
[21]: http://pear.php.net/package/Console_CommandLine "PEAR Console_CommandLine"
[22]: http://pear.php.net/package/MDB2 "PEAR MDB2"
[23]: http://pear.php.net/package/MDB2_Driver_mysqli "PEAR MDB2_Driver_mysqli"

[50]: http://us.battle.net/wow/en/ "World of Warcraft"